start it up turn an editor that it
editor today that that I let it edit
that would you hurry up and get here so
I can kill you right so don't be tended
and I stand under and dun dun dun hello
Zulu how are you
I'm just doing just great I want to play
a game Zulu do you really to that
alright so I'm gonna close my eyes and
you can run out the room and hide
anywhere you want are you ready I'm
close eyes it's alive so bison are quits
moose you got some booze that's
excellent moves boozes excellent
can we get I'm sluggish no murder
why I witnessed murder oh did you did
you really ask
well now you witness two murders so how
are you feeling
Romeo no no no don't run don't run from
me don't run from me I'm just going to
give you a nice hug okay so let's just
have a hug
let's all go the main room together and
then we'll decide who the murderer is
there that I'm finally I'm fine with
that
yeah okay how about we go to my room
everyone votes on who we kill all right
who threw that
who is Victor ask me who is the other
games bang who's the other green guy
yeah well you haven't had a gun who's
this guy who's x-ray me
oh he's uniform you really your x-ray
mmm mmm I love this I don't let you guys
know I'm the murderer so scared I let
you guys know I've got a magnum and I'm
here you take names uh-huh are you are
you really at least Rollo so I might
have killed the guy with the gun I told
you guy was the murder I was trying to
have some trust guys and it's just it's
just not working and I don't think I
like it
I decided trust
stupid and I don't like it anymore and
you're dead
wait where are you there you are now
you're dead look miss oh you knocked
over the vase why'd you do that nobody
likes it when you break their stuff
let's just get a group in the middle
it'll work trust exercise before second
happens yeah yeah actually I kind of
want to go in the closet with someone no
just let's just a little seven minutes
in heaven you're buggered what what's
seven minutes in heaven is great I don't
know it's already talking about right
thing yeah I'm down in the middle with
you guys consider me and you know what
you stop it so you made a really bad
news I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna lie
you made a really bad decision Delta Oh
Delta Delta all right get down stop
chasing me stop chasing me I'm gonna
kill you yes I was right
so I'm in the piano room if anyone would
like to come down with that turn and
another no no no tenten tenten tenten
tenten tan tan tan tan tan tan with
somebody at 310 don't just like what
that intern done okay here if we're goes
to sim room on a plate any mini mime oh
I like that plan that's a good plan you
know I don't like that plan it was just
a real dating I'm fine with that plan oh
my god Wow eeny meeny miny moe I will
stab you in the throat Oh God so mr.
murder would you like to come out of
hiding please oh I'm a failure at
shooting whoa whoa shut up
I saved your life
oh yeah I saved you
you're my best spread Wow fuck it Delta
Oh bed cha I'm a hero all right guys I'm
gonna have to end this video here make
sure you leave a like and favorite if
you enjoyed and subscribe so you can see
my new videos as soon as they come out
thanks again for watching I'll see you
all in the next video